well I find out in fact class to the forum
of my kids okay I've already
said it many times or mean micha
valeri pointed out like in the library of the
salsero okay before we say it me
his brother or anyone if you come
here to me kids period today every
day there alert like a good forum member you
find out everything about salsero instantly
according to venter to wind and he insinuated in a
live that place and juan use bots eye
eye eye
wind and yesterday he did a live with luisito
rey I saw that I don't remember if it was on
twitter or somewhere diaz look
surely there is some chicha sure as a
joke no in which they talked about several
topics but in one part luisito
asks wind and who are the people
that win hates the most dimension some
people I don't know which one it is exactly and
after mentioning it wind and says there are
people who have done me a lot of damage there are
people who have messed with my
career and have even used bots to
manipulate public opinion and many
things but I don't want to mention it
maybe you know but it's not worth it
mention those people
windy get over it already gotten over it
already wind and
damn really
Díaz his hair
and here for a tweet in which he says
[Music] I do
n't know rich another account with his
followers and that only follows that team
surely they have 50 face to go around
insulting better go take care of your
wife before she cheats on you with
another Spaniard
waste to the wind and I hadn't seen it
shot
[ __ ] this is the wind and I hadn't
seen it
already wind and saying
how it happens in sant wind and saying
not only about the bots but that he better
watch his wife lest it be that
love that they tell the stories with another
Spaniard the deer over here the deer no
33 whistles
this already this has already been said by wind and on
several occasions no that Ari had cheated on him
water in Spain okay
this has already shown to wind and many
times
what
why that photo
and goes to your town your roll let's see let's
see
now moving on to this next and
last news which is about windows
and it is that today
they put  here directly and the
videos don't be this is the [ __ ] library
of the salsero I would call it that he did
a live podcast with Luisito Rey
where they talked about many things one of
them for example was neo still
undefined who has the same wind and in
tweets I already said it in a past video
the wind and it seemed unfair to me it
seemed unfair and more than anything like the
example that gave the same when I saw that
situation it seems the same even more
unfair what they do to winnie because
literally the girl who showed
absolutely everything literally everything
you saw the gynecologist Wayne that girl was
just shot for three days already
wind and well they have bathed her
indefinitely and obviously she did not show
what that girl showed ok I'm
sorry it's not me apparently there is a
streamer who was shot for three days for
showing everything absolutely everything
and wind and well we do not know what
the reason is for wind's bath and I think it
is because he surely announced the
ifam
I think it has to be for that reason because
social networks are very strict when it comes
to turning off a live site so  It
seemed to me too, I don't think it's because
of the
unfair neckline, honestly, but anyway, the fact is
that Luisito Rey asked him what
people on YouTube he can't stand watching that he would
n't even want to see in paint. She said
to Peluchín obviously and also
referring to Gwynn Jr. who I think is
here, but what's interesting is what he
mentions and defines. We want to know what
your top 3 on YouTube are that you hate, which one
is like that, the way I don't want to cover them up, not even
in an inn, not even
crossing glances, I mean, if possible, if I do
n't find them, which one would it be and apart
from him,
a lot of damage needs to be punished. There are people who have
messed with my career, who have used this
voice to manipulate public opinion and
many things, but I do that, I do
n't think I know, I get the
impression, no, no, no, he doesn't affirm it with everything, he
knows, he affirms it to me with his entire model,
that person, that about using a bot, how is that? I mean, we
know that he's
referring to someone, plays because she's the
only one that he hasn't wanted to mention,
maybe there are
streams that are against extremes
that are against wind  and but I don't know I
think the most notable and the one that she
has literally refused to mention
all this time has been Ari and now at
what point did she put League on Facebook I
don't know that's what I find strange can you
imagine that it is like that if it is like
that Wind and she is completely right
and truly AR and wants to screw her over I
find this strange because
even in the video that Wind had the
opportunity to prove everything he showed
things but unfortunately in this video there
were literally contradictions of his own
I already denied that video of Wing DJ in case you
want to go see it and there I had the
opportunity to show everything bad
that he supposedly had done and
however in those parts that he showed they
could be dismantled
so easily because there were
contradictions so well I don't know
also after
Winston Reid said the following girl with
whom you had a controversy what will we
say a man
the first word that comes to
mind
[Music]
crow crow crow
because crow crow I mean I don't know
what he meant by crows and I so
dust and he must be referring to that there are  they
grab the next one and it's a crow
because it's taking advantage of I don't know it's that I
don't understand the concept of the crow
we know that crows
are normally stalking when you are about to leave
this life we ​​don't know
that crows normally have that
meaning of well leaving life
they are like something dark then wind and
is trying to imply that there are
accomplices like a dark being it can be
something super strange the truth but well
what do you think of this that I
think the so young will never overcome
place I know how much time has passed
since he doesn't mention you
that they are not mentioning you or anyone
and he doesn't get over it
fatal it is fatal let's see you have told me
go to twitter to
give it they are putting something they didn't talk to them half because he was doing the half illegal scam of having a company but if I agree equally by the way as well as data there are fewer taxes in China than in Spain real look it up and be surprised then in
China they are communists it is that we are
surprising no it does not surprise me but
this about society let's see truth here
affirms it I let's see I have
always  I thought that Rubio instead of
that self-employed person would have a company because he has a
lot of things, he has the thing from the series, he
has the thing from queens, Javi, I arrived late,
now that he did Wind and he would do it once, he
got along well to grow up with Wind and for
the phrase "raise crows and they will take your
eyes off," I sincerely don't understand, I do
n't understand the thing about the
crows for Casio, but what he said
before, okay or save it, Rubio said in bs,
self-employed, he had like a company or something, whatever, I don't
know, we would have to
look for them, Dallas says that if he already knows
something, but with all the things he has,
know-how, merchandising, he had a clothing brand, he
even had
backpacks, things for the kid for
school, be it Rubio, he had everything, everything, everything,
everything,
still, but that thing about society, many people do it on
YouTube, YouTube, that
taxes are less in China than in
Spain, it doesn't surprise me, it doesn't surprise me,
sincerely, I'm
going to tell you kids, what am I going to say? Yes, yes, I'm already saying it, I
know, I would
love for someone to come and
debate with me about the issue of this
double taxes  Someone who sees
the logic, someone who sees the
logic in someone having to pay
half because it doesn't exist.